my name is David Siegel my name is Jagan
Siegel I am
founder and CEO of the
timeshare company in the world i'm a 43
year old mother of eight I thought she
was the most beautiful girl in the world
it took me a while to fall in love with
him we have a great relationship there's
30 years between us but he doesn't need
viagra at least there is that option if
he does like I don't have ten years from
now we never thought out to build the
biggest house in America it just kind of
happened it's bigger than the White
House two tennis courts 30 actual full
size baseball field and kitchen antique
furniture 90,000 square feet oh my god
no this at my room that's my closet you
know nothing's really normal about this
life
there are in line to do a billion
dollars in sales for the year we're on
top of the world and it came to a
screeching halt the market fell over 700
points I would say it's touch and go
right now we don't talk about financial
problems I guess I'll have to watch the
movie to find out what's going on to my
life well everything changes this is
almost like a riches-to-rags story she
knows we need to cut back but she's
still compulsive all they could afford a
watch I would tell you bankers are like
vultures our big problem is Vegas our
lenders have made it very clear that
you'll have more money than he knows
what to do with you can go back to
building his house if he turns over this
building over my dead body you can buy
the palace that timeshare mogul David
Siegel already wants to sell just think
of the bright side you might not have to
clean this house the American Dream is
raising way up above what you started
with and that is what she has done when
you're down is when he found out who
your true friends are you get strength
from your marriage no I'm in this
fantasy world you know until reality hit